yo what's up guys my name is chosen
a.k.a chosen bring you guys an insane
new way on how to get out of any part of
any map on advanced warfare now this is
extremely easy to do and it is a lot
like the dragon fire out of the map
glitch on black ops 2 if you guys know
what that is um if you don't it was kind
of a hard way to get out of the map but
you were able to travel around anywhere
on the map and so this is essentially
what it is it's like except it's like 10
times easier to do so this does only
work in private match unfortunately but
this is a really really cool glitch
because um you can score explore
anywhere outside of the map and you can
get to these extremely high trickshot
spots that you can really only do in
like Superman lobbies or something like
that so it's really insane and another
cool thing is that once you do the
glitch once you'll be able to spawn in
that same spot outside of the map every
time so it's almost like having a
tactical insertion so like I said it is
very simple to do um you can do it in
any game mode you just have to change
the spawn settings around here that I
will put on the screen and there will
also be settings written out for you in
the description and it is extremely easy
to do like I said um but it is even
easier to do when you are not host so
definitely it would be a better idea to
have a friend hosted for you or if you
have a dummy then you should have him
host it so how you do this is you start
out on the team Atlas and once the game
starts you want to change teams and
press spectator and then after that go
back to team Atlas but do not choose a
class this time so just press B when the
choose a class screen comes up and then
once again go back to switch teams and
what you're going to want to do is hover
over Atlas and then quickly press a on
Atlas and then quickly go down and
choose spectator and if you do it
correctly you will be on the spectator
team and you will be able to choose a
class and so once this works you will
literally literally be able to go
anywhere around the map that you can go
in spectator mode which is crazy like
for example I'm going to go up here on
this extremely high high ledge up here
and boom I'm up here and B I'm able to
like walk around and explore and all
that like I said when you die you spawn
right back in the same place you
originally did out of the map which
means like I said it's basically like
having a tactical insertion
so um you know you can get a group of
friends up here and go for shots on the
dummy or on BOTS or anything like that
um CI guys if you have any questions
make sure to put them in the comments if
you are confused and I'm also like I
said I'm gonna have a written tutorial
out in the description which may be a
bit easier for you guys to follow when
you guys are like setting up the game
and everything and so also guys if you
find that you spawn in a place and you
get stuff or can't move all you have to
do is go to that spot again except go
higher up above the spot because when
you get stuck that essentially means you
spawned in a barrier so next time you
just got to make sure you spawn above
the barriers then you can you know if
you want to fall down a little bit and
you can then you can like walk around
that barrier so yeah guys this is a fun
little glitch and it's a lot of fun
seeing what it's like outside of every
map and it really gives you like a whole
new perspective of map to be honest and
it's really cool and everything and I
will be putting out a video later this
week on all the best high spots and
trickshot spots and all the like overall
cool spots that you can get to outside
of the maps that you might not know that
you can but yeah guys for now make sure
to make sure to try it out for yourself
if you have any questions feel free to
put them in the comments section below
and I'll do my best to answer them and
see ya guys make sure to drop a like
because this is definitely one of them
my best and coolest videos yet and make
sure to subscribe for more villages in
the future ba guys I'm Sachi Osen peace
out